_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle:

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Based in </p>
    <p>Cresskill, NJ</p>
    <p>& Atlanta, GA</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

👋 Hi, Ethan Here!

I love combining software development, AI, and psychology to tackle real-world problems across different industries. My passion lies in creating impactful projects that showcase how technology can enhance everyday life, especially for marginalized individuals from our society.

I am currently a sophomore at Emory University pursuing B.S. in Computer Science & Mathematics and a Research Assistant at the [Cognition & Visualization Lab](https://cav-lab.github.io/).

Also, I am an incoming software development engineer intern at [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) over the summer of 2025!

My background further includes machine learning, NLP, and AI model deployment, with a strong interest in fintech, autonomous driving, and deep learning.

Beyond my technical work, I co-founded [MEDi](https://github.com/2nd-Company/MEDi), an AI-powered app assisting visually impaired individuals in identifying pharmaceutical products. I also founded Third Eye, a motion-detection system for visually impaired soccer players.

I’m always looking to collaborate on innovative projects, whether it's building efficient AI models, automating financial analysis, or exploring cutting-edge deep learning applications.

If you’d like to collaborate on a project or interested in teaming up, feel free to reach out!

Commit message:

VC interests and AWS Team Update

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle:

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Based in </p>
    <p>Cresskill, NJ</p>
    <p>& Atlanta, GA</p>

selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

latest_posts:
  enabled: false
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

👋 Hi, Ethan Here!

I love combining software development, AI, and psychology to tackle real-world problems across different industries. My passion lies in creating impactful projects that showcase how technology can enhance everyday life, especially for marginalized individuals from our society.

I am currently a sophomore at Emory University pursuing B.S. in Computer Science & Mathematics and a Research Assistant at the [Cognition & Visualization Lab](https://cav-lab.github.io/).

Also, I am a software development engineer intern at [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/) DMS Stream Team!

My background further includes machine learning, NLP, and AI model deployment, with a strong interest in fintech, autonomous driving, and deep learning.

I'm also passionate about investing in transformative technologies at the earliest stages. Lately, I've been exploring opportunities in pre-seed startups, particularly in AI, healthcare, Medicare, and biotech. This interest is driving my long-term goal of contributing to the venture capital space, where I can help visionary founders turn breakthrough ideas into real-world impact.

Beyond my technical work, I co-founded [MEDi](https://github.com/2nd-Company/MEDi), an AI-powered app assisting visually impaired individuals in identifying pharmaceutical products. I also founded Third Eye, a motion-detection system for visually impaired soccer players.

I’m always looking to collaborate on innovative projects, whether it's building efficient AI models, automating financial analysis, or exploring cutting-edge deep learning applications.

If you’d like to collaborate on a project or interested in teaming up, feel free to reach out!
